Source: Page 119 (LEFT)
Page: 119, Side: LEFT
Word Count: 201
--------------------------------------------------
126
 
Head Injury: triage, assessment, investigation and early management of head injury in infants, children and adults. 
baseline cardiorespiratory 
measurements.   
[Amended] Throughout the hospital 
episode, all healthcare professionals 
should use a standard head injury 
proforma in their documentation when 
assessing and observing patients with 
head injury. This form should be of a 
consistent format across all clinical 
departments and hospitals in which a 
patient might be treated. A separate 
proforma for those under 16 years 
should be used. Areas to allow extra 
documentation should be included (for 
example, in cases of non-accidental 
injury). (Examples of proformas that 
should be used in patients with head 
injury are provided in Appendices J, 
K1 and K2).  
It is recommended that in-hospital 
observation of patients with a head 
injury, including all emergency 
department observation, should only 
be conducted by professionals 
competent in the assessment of head 
injury.  
Patients who returned to an emergency 
department within 48 hours of 
discharge with any persistent 
complaint relating to the initial head 
injury should be seen by or discussed 
with a senior clinician experienced in 
head injuries, and considered for a CT 
scan.  
These recommendations are based on 
level five evidence and are considered 
to be grade D recommendations.